Now, let's see IAM in action.
So let's navigate to the IAM service.
This dashboard shows you how many users and how many groups you have.
Let's click on "Groups".
You can manage groups by creating new ones or deleting existing ones.
There are several actions you can do with a group, like adding users,
deleting the group, changing the group name, removing users, etc.
Now, let's click on "Roles".
This page shows all the roles in the system.
Notice, some roles are related to services.
For example, let's look at the api-gateway-role.
So any user or application assuming this role has full access to
Lambda, CloudWatchLogs, and DynamoDBFullAccess.
Now, let's look at a few policies.
Click on "Policies" here on the left-hand side,
and let's look at the Administrator policy.
Notice, a policy is defined as JSON and notice everything is wide open.
It allows any action on any resource.
Let's look at a more restrictive policy.
Go back and search for S3,
and click on "AmazonS3ReadOnlyAccess".
Notice, read-only allows you to get or list objects in a bucket.
Let's go back and now let's look at AmazonS3FullAccess.
Again, this allows any action on any resource.
Now, let's review the security policy on a bucket.
Policies can be attached to buckets.
Let's navigate to S3 and look at our code VR Bucket.
Click on "Permissions" and click on "Bucket Policy".
Notice on line eight,
it allows GetObject on everything here in the code VR bucket.
You can of course make this more restrictive as we've seen.
That's a look at Identity and Access Management.